inaudible and press the pound or hash key. Please wait for the tone, then say your company name or affiliation and press the pound or hash key. Thank you. This statement should be taken in conjunction with the additional information about risk and uncertainty set for in CCU's annual report in form twenty f, filed with the US Security and Exchange Commission and in the annual report submitted to the c m f and available on on our website. It is now my pleasure to introduce Patricia Jottar. Thank you Carl, Claudia, and thank you all for joining us today. In the second quarter of twenty twenty one, C C U continued with a positive momentum by posting strong improvement in volumes and financial results, not only versus last year, but also versus pre-pandemic figures. The latter has been the result of our capability to adapt and operate in a challenging scenario with the covid nineteen pandemic, pandemic through the execution of a regional plan with three points, the safety for people, operation continuity; and financial health, and the successful implementation of our strategy, which focus in maintaining and gain business scale and market share along with a gradual recovery in profitability, as we have shown since the fourth quarter twenty twenty. Regarding our consolidated performance, revenues jumped fourteen point six percent during the quarter, boosted by a thirty point five percent growth in volumes, and thirteen point two percent higher average prices in Chilean pesos. The sharp volume expansion was explained by a recovery in consumption. A solid sales execution and the strength of our portfolio of brands. In terms of a financial results, consolidated e b i t d a more than tripled versus last year, and e b i t d a margin improved from six point two to thirteen point one percent. The better financial result was mainly driven by the increase in consolidated volumes, as mention above, efficiency gains from the Excellence c c u Program with msd and a expenses sub-percentage of net sales, decreasing from forty five point eight to thirty nine point six percent and four hundred sixty three basis points expansion in gross margin, mainly due to positive mixed effects and the implementation of revenue management initiatives, and positive net external effects from the appreciation of the Chilean peso against the US dollar affecting favorably our US dollar denominated cost, partially compensated
