On today's call, we will be referring to the form twenty s and press release filed this morning that detailed the company's fiscal year-end two thousand twenty one results, which can be downloaded from the company's web website at ar qik uk. You'll also find the latest earnings presentation that supplement the information discussed on today's call. Please note that listeners that would like to ask a question in the q and a session, will need to dial in to the call rather than joining through the webcast link. Finally, a recording of the call will be available on the investor section of the company's website later today. Please note that this webcast includes forward looking statements. Statements about the company's beliefs and expectations containing words such as may, will, could, believe, expect, anticipate, and similar expressions are forward looking statements and are based on assumptions and beliefs as of today. The company encourages you to review these safe harbor statements, risk factors, and disclaimers contained on this slide and in today's press release, as well as in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which identifies specific risk factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those described in our forward looking statements. The company does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements after this webcast. The company also notes that on this call, it will be discussing non i f r s financial information. The company is providing that information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, or i f r s. You can find a reconciliation of these metrics to the company's reported i f r s results in the reconciliation tables provided in today's earnings release and presentation. And now, I'll turn the call over to David Williams, the company's Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer. David? Thank you very much. Hello, and welcome to Arqit Quantum Inc. debut fiscal year-end conference call. It was a transformational year for Arqit, and we're very excited to discuss our performance and notable achievements with you. Since our year-end of September coincided with the completion of our NASDAQ listing, and customer billings only began with commercial launch in the fourth quarter of the year. There's not a lot of new information. So
