Thank you. Good day everybody. Thanks for joining us for the results call. Uh, our year end and, and obviously final call to results. As always, I'll move through the investor presentation. Um, calling out the page numbers as I move through. And I'm gonna start on, uh, page three, which are just some of the highlights for the year. And, and I think most importantly, obviously, we return to profitability overall, uh, following the impact of COVID last year. So, I'm, I'm, I'm pleased to say that we did get back to profitability. Uh, other highlights. The packaging and specialty segment achieved record profitability. Uh, obviously justifying the recent and, uh, recent years' investments in that segment, and we are excited about the prospects going forward. DP dissolving pulp was strong. Uh, price is good. Market demand strong and are… We were fully sold at. Graphics recovered. Uh, a little bit slower in the early part of the year in Europe, but subsequently picking up there. So, uh, relative to pre COVID levels getting back to encouraging levels. And I'll talk talk a little bit more about that on the quarter one. Um, on, on, on the other side, obviously, in, in, in recent times, we've seen the rise of costs coming through. Initially, it was pulp, but more recently came energy and that, and that negatively impacted margins. And we'll, we will talk more about that. And then the other challenge we faced, and it's not unique to Sappi or, or even our industry, but the ongoing global supply chain challenges. And once again, we'll talk about that some more. Liquidity improved significantly during the year. Um, obviously, from our leverage from the, the worst points in COVID, we, we, we, we continue to improve. And, um, the balance sheet is looking stronger. And, uh, once again, we, we will cover that in a little bit more detail. Moving to slide four, which is specifically on the quarter itself, excellent performance from our North American business. That was broad based across all the segments. Um, and the business was able to, uh, uh, achieve, um, the highest the highest, uh, the highest, uh, quarterly results in I, I think more than twenty years. So very, very thrilled by that. DP very strong. Uh, good prices. Um, and, and, and that, that, that, that contributed to, uh, improved profitability in this segment. Packaging, uh, continued to be good. A little bit done on the prior quarter, but that was a combination of the, uh, the higher costs and mainly in Europe coming through. Um, and, and remember, we did have the impact of in South Africa of the unrest, um, which we, we did
