Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for standing by and welcome to our Arco Platform second quarter, 2021 earnings call. This event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listening only mode during the company's presentation. After our core remarks there will be a question and answer section. At this time further instructions will be given. Should any participants need assistance during this call, please press 0 to reach the operator. This event is also being broadcast live via webcast and may be accessed through Arco's website at investor.arcoplatform.com where the presentation is also available. Now i'll turn the conference to Carina Carreira our core IR director. Carina, you may begin your presentation. Thank you. I'm pleased to welcome you to Arco's second quarter two thousand twenty one conference call. With me in the call today we have Arco CO, Ari de Sa Cavalcante Neto, and Arco CF Roberto Otero. During today's presentation our executives will make forward looking statements. Forward looking statements generally relate to future events or future financial or operating performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause inauidble materially from those contemplated by these forward looking statements. Forward looking statements in this presentation include, but are not limited to, statements related to our business and financial performance, our expectations and guidance for future periods, our expectations regarding strategic project initiatives, and their related benefits, and our expectations regarding the market. These risks include those set forth in the documents that we issued earlier today as well as those more fully described in our findings with the securities and exchange commission. The forward looking statements in this presentation are based on the information available to us as of the day hereof. You should not rely on them as prediction of future events and we disclaim any obligation to update any forward looking statements except as required by law. In addition, management may reference non i f r s financial measures on this call. The non i f r s financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with i f r s. We have provided a reconciliation of these non i f r s financial measures to the most directly comparable i f r s financial measure in our press release. Please note that except from revenue, gross margin, selling expense, G N A, and cash flow from operations all other financial matters we discuss here are non i f r s and growth rates are compared to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise stated. We also note that year over year comparisons are effected by acquisitions that were not included in our two thousand twenty financials. lemme now turn the call over to Ari, Arco's
