Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments q three twenty twenty one earnings release conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Paul, please go ahead. Good afternoon. And thank you for joining our third quarter twenty twenty earnings conference call. For any of you who missed the release, you can find it on our website at ti dot com slash ir. This call is being broadcast live over the web and can be accessed through our website. A replay will be available through the web. This call will include forward looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties that could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the notice regarding forward looking statements contained in the earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent S E C filings for a more comp complete description. Our Chief Financial Officer Rafael Lizardi is with me today and will provide the following updates. First, I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter. Next, I'll provide insight into third quarter revenue results with some details of what we're seeing in respect to the with customers and markets and I'll also provide details by end market, including some sequential performance as we have the last few quarters. As sequential data begins to be less insightful, we'll move back to reporting only year over year per our normal practice. And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results, an update of our capacity expansion plans and our guidance for fourth quarter twenty twenty one. Starting with a quick overview of the quarter. Revenue in the quarter was four point six billion dollars, an increase of one percent sequentially and twenty two percent year over year driven by demand in industrial automotive and personal electronics. On a sequential basis, analog grew two percent, emb embedded processing declined five percent. On a year over year basis, analog revenue grew twenty four percent and embedded processing grew thirteen percent. Our other cycle grew nineteen percent from the year ago quarter. Now let me comment on the current environment to provide some context of what we're seeing with our customers and markets. Overall, the quarter came in generally as we expected across the product segments and markets and geographies. Lead times for of the majority of our products remain stable, but hotspots continue to
