Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the E S G Flight Plan event in Embraer, second quarter twenty twenty one financial results. Thank you for standing by. I'm Felipe Calzada and I'll be your host for today. At this time, all participants will watch our financial results presentation. Right after we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions to participate will be given at that time. If you should require any assistance during the event, you can do so using the chat box on the platform. As a reminder, this presentation is being recorded and webcasted at Writer's platform. Before we begin just a legal statement. This conference call includes forward-looking statements or statements about events or circumstances, which have not occurred. Embraer has based this forward looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends affecting the business and its future financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including among other things, general economic, political, and business conditions, in Brazil and in other markets where the company's present. The words believes, may, will, estimates, continues, anticipates, intense, expects, and similar words are intended to identify those forward-looking statements. Embraer undertakes no obligations to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement because of new information, future events or other factors. In light of this risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking and circumstances discussed on this conference call might not occur. And the company's actual results could differ substantially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Participants on today's conference are Francisco Gomes Neto, president and C E O, Antonio Carlos Garcia, chief financial officer and procurement, and Eduardo Couto, director of investor relations. And now, I would like to turn the conference over to Francisco Gomes Neto. Please go ahead, Francisco. Thank you, Felipe. Good morning to all, and thank you for joining our call today. I hope that, uh, all of you are well and safe, and thank you for your interest in our company. As you'll see in Antonio's presentation, our results for the quarter were strong. The q two results are a
