Thank you for standing by. And welcome to The PointsBet Holdings Limited Q2 FY 2022 Appendix 4C Investor Presentation. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question, you will need to press the star key followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sam Swanell, Group CEO. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning. And thank you all for joining the PointsBet Holdings Limited Second Quarter of Financial Year two thousand twenty two Business Update And Activities Report. This is Group C E O, Sam Swanell. And I'm joined on the call today by our Group C F O, Andrew Mellor; our u s C E O, Johnny Aitken in Denver; and our Group Chief Operating Officer, Mark Hughes, who is joining us from Dublin. Before we begin, please note all numbers referred to are unaudited and in Australian dollars, unless otherwise stated. Turning to slide three. The December two thousand twenty one quarter, as well as the month of January, has been a period of great progress for PointsBet. During the quarter, we saw improvement in relation to many of our core financial metrics, and we've also made great strides in terms of expanding our addressable market and delivering on our product vision. This has been headlined by exciting launch into New York this week. New York is expected to be one of the largest markets in the United States, and we are very proud to be one of only nine licensed operators to gain access. This is in addition to our launch in Virginia last month, and will be followed by our launch into Pennsylvania in February. These are obviously very substantial markets and allow PointsBet to leverage key N B C regional sports network assets in each market. We also, this week launched iGaming in West Virginia. We will continue to grow our total addressable market rapidly with Ontario, Canada likely to follow Pennsylvania. And at least a further seven States are expected to be added in North America in calendar year two thousand and twenty two. In November, we were thrilled to deliver our first major in-play product upgrade following the acquisition of Banach Technology, now known as PointsBet Europe. Sports betting is the product that is leading the expansion of online betting across the u s a To win market share and deliver success in the u s market will require excellence in sports betting product and execution. As sports betting is legalized across the u s we anticipate that seventy five percent of all online bets will be placed in-play, that is once a match has already started. Providing an elite optimized client experience in-play betting is beyond the capabilities of most operators who do not have modern in-house proprietary technology, combined with advanced models and automated real time trading systems. u s sports in particular continues
