Maybe we can start, uh, Simon? Uh. Yeah. I just admit two more. I think we're, uh… Yeah, inaudible we have, uh… We can start, definitely. Perfect. All right. So, I will do the introduction. Thank you everyone for being with us today. I'm recognizing a lot of names that we, uh… That have been following Urbanimmersive for uh, quarter to quarter. So uh, it is a pleasure to, uh, see you again today. Uh, for those who don't know me, my name is Ghislain Lemire. I'm the c e o, co-founder of Urbanimmersive. Welcome to our fourth quarter financial result, end of year investors' conference call. Um, French. For a reason of being efficient inaudible efficient and respect our time, we'll be doing this uh, call in English. Uh, but we will take both English and French questions at the end. Joining me today, uh, as usual, uh, I have uh, Simon Bedard, our C F O. And I'm just looking at, uh, my screen, and I see Francois Liberge, our new, uh, executive vice president. During the call, we might make forward looking statements during future financial performance, operations, products inaudible. Although, we believe our expectations are reasonable, we cannot guarantee these results. So again, we caution to read and consider all the risks factors described in our last MD&A. If not, it's gonna be on SEDAR pretty soon or in our annual information form that you can find on SEDAR again. So, the agenda will be quite uh, different, slightly different… Sorry, uh, compared to the last quarter. So, what we wanna do is uh, Simon will, uh, start with by um, gonna the uh, last quarter and year end financial highlights. he'll talk about some business highlights as well. And then afterwards, what uh, we thought that could appreciate today… cuz it's the end of the year, we are starting a new year, um, we thought that, you know, we'll take 15 minutes and do a short, uh Urbanimmersive deck presentation so that, you know, we can put everyone on the same foot, uh, in regard our… In regards of the, how the management is seeing Urbanimmersive, how we describe it, and what is, you know, our focus and goals uh, going forward. So, without further ado, I will turn the call to Simon. Simon. Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Uh, we see have a lot of uh, participants, investors, today. So, thanks for uh, your interest in being uh, present on that uh, on that call today. Um, so, what I'd like to do is similar to what I've done in the last quarter, just maybe put some uh, some color into uh, the uh,
