Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the A T S Automation third quarter conference call and webcast. This call is being recorded on February second, twenty twenty two at eight thirty AM, Eastern Time. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session; instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. If anyone has difficulties during the conference, please press star followed by zero for operating systems at any time. i'll now turn the call over to Stewart McCuaig, vice president General Counsel A T S. Thanks operator, and good morning everyone. Your main host today are Andrew Hider, chief executive officer of A T S, and Ryan McLeod, chief financial officer. We note that our remarks today are accompanied by slide deck displayed on the screen in the webcast and which is also available including for those joining by phone at ats automation dot com. We caution that the statements made on the webcast and call may contain forward-looking information and our cautionary statement regarding such information including the material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements, and the material factors or assumptions applied in making the statements are detailed on slide two of the slide deck. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Andrew. Thank you, Stewart. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us. We're pleased to report another strong quarter for A T S, featuring order bookings, order backlog, and revenue records, and adjusted EBIT margin expansion. Although, the pandemic and supply chain disruptions created a challenging and fluid business environment. Organic revenue growth was robust. Newly acquired businesses performed to plan, and we completed two acquisitions. SP industries expands our capabilities and offerings throughout the lifecycle of pharmaceutical development. GF enhances our offerings and aseptic fill finish. Today, I will update you on our business, and then Ryan will provide his financial report. Starting with our value drivers, q three revenues were five hundred and forty seven million dollars, up 48% from q three last year. Driven by a combination of acquired businesses and strength across our core operations. Organically, revenues grew twenty two percent year over year, a positive result that was augmented by the pandemic impact and q three revenues in the prior year. q three order bookings will record six hundred and seventy one million dollars. Up fifty four percent year over year. c f t BioDot and SP contributed approximately two thirds of border booking's growth versus last year. Bookings were strong across most market verticals, with large customer rewards and consumer products and transportation.
