Good morning and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by for TuanChe Limited's third quarter twenty twenty one earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After management's prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Today's conference call is being recorded. Now, I will turn the call over to your speaker host today, Ms. Cynthia Tan, IR Director of the company. Please go ahead, ma'am. Hello, everyone, and welcome to TuanChe's third quarter twenty twenty one earnings conference call. We released our earnings results earlier today, and it is now available on our IR website, as well as on Newswire services. Before we continue, please note that discussion today will contain forward-looking statements made under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the u s Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of nineteen ninety five. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. As such, our future results may be materially different from the views expressed today. Further information regarding this and other risks and uncertainties is included in our earnings release and our Registration Statement filed with the s e c. TuanChe does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Today, you'll hear from Mr. Wei Wen, the company's Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our growth strategies and business developments, who will be followed by Mr. Chenxi Yu, Ronnie, the company's Deputy Chief Financial Officer, who will provide additional details on the company's financial results and discuss the financial outlook. Following management's prepared remarks, we'll open up the call to questions. With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to our c e o, Mr. Wei Wen. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you, Cynthia. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter twenty twenty one earnings call. In this quarter, we've pre preserved against a challenging macro environment with covid nineteen flare-ups and a global chip supply shortage that constrained auto production. While our revenue contracted by thirty eight point nine percent year-over-year to RMB61 .1 million, primarily due to cancellations, cancellations of a number of our offline auto shows in response to pandemic conditions, we forged ahead with our online initiatives, streamlined our cost base, and narrowed our net loss attribut- attributable to the company's shareholders by ten point seven percent year-over-year to rmb thirty six
