Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Itau CorpBanca first quarter two thousand twenty one financial results conference call. At this time, all attendees are in listen only mode. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you require any further assistance, please press star zero. Thank you. Now I would like to welcome Miss cla Miss Claudia Labbe. Ma'am, the floor is yours. Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining our conference call for our first quarter twenty twenty one financial results. Before proceeding, let me mention that our remarks may include forward looking information and actual performance could differ materially from that anticipated in any forward looking comment as a result of macroeconomic conditions, market risk and other factors. I would also like to draw your attention to the financial information included in this management discussion and analysis presentation, which is based on our managerial model, in which we adjust for non recurring events and we apply managerial criteria to disclose our income statement. This managerial financial model reflects how we measure, analyze and discuss financial results by segregating commercial performance, financial risk management, credit risk management and cost efficiency. We believe this form of communicating our results will give you a clearer and better view of our performance through this different perspective. Please refer to pages nine to twelve of our report for further details. With us today in this conference call our Mr. Gabriel Moura, C E O, and Mr. Rodrigo Couto, C F O. Mr. Moura will comment on twenty twenty one first quarter results, and our strategic evolution as well as recent events. Afterward, afterwards, we will be available for a question and answer session. We have included a q a box on the console where you can type in your questions if you are not connected by phone. We will take questions from, from both the phone and the console. For the latter, we will read and answer your questions verbally. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gabriel. Thank you, Claudia. Hello, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our twenty
