Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sify Technologies Financial Results for third quarter and fiscal year twenty twenty one- twenty twenty two. At this time, all participants have been placed on Listen Only mode, and the floor will be open for questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Praveen Krishna. Sir, the floor is yours. Thank you, Holly. Good morning. I'd like to extend a warm welcome to all our participants on behalf of Sify Technologies Limited. I'm joined on the call today by Mr. Raju Vegesna, Chairman, Mr. Kamal Nath, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. MP Vijay Kumar, Chief Financial Officer. Following our comments on the results, there will be an opportunity for questions. If you do not have a copy of our press release, please call inaudible Global at six four six two eight four nine four four oh, and we will have one sent to you. Alternatively, you may obtain a copy of the release at the Investor Information Section on the company's corporate website at www dot sify technologies dot com slash investors. A replay of today's call may be accessed by dialing in on the numbers provided in the press release or by accessing the webcast in the Investors Information section of Sify corporate website. Some of the financial measures referred to during this call and the earnings release may include non GAAP measures. So these results for the year are according to the International Financial Reporting Standards or i f r s. And will differ somewhat from the GAAP announcements made in previous years. A presentation of the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, and a reconciliation of such non GAAP measures, and of the differences between such non GAAP measures. And the most compatible financial measures, calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP will be made available on Sify website. Before we continue, I'd like to point out that certain statements contained in earnings release and on this conference call are forward looking statements rather than historical facts. And are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described. With respect to such forward looking statements, the company seeks protection afforded by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of nineteen ninety five. These risks include a variety of factors, including comprehensive development and gross factors listed from time to time in the company's S E C reports and public releases. Those lists are intended to identify
