Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to CGIs first quarter fiscal twenty twenty two conference call. I would now like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Kevin Linder, Senior Vice President Finance and Treasury and head of investor relations. Please go ahead Mr. Linder. Thank you, Julie, and good morning. With me to discuss CGIs first quarter fiscal twenty twenty two results are George Schindler, our President and C E O, and Francois Boulanger, Executive Vice President and C F O. This call is being broadcast on cgi com and recorded live at nine AM eastern time on Wednesday, February second, twenty twenty. Supplemental slides as well as the press release earlier this morning are average for download along with our Q1 MB&A, financial statements and accompanying notes, all of which have been filed with both Cedar and Andrew. Please note that some statements made on the call may be forward looking, actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied and C G I disclaims any intent or obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A complete Safe Harbor Statement is available in both our md a Press Release as well as on cgi dot com. We recommend our investors read it in its entirety. we're reporting our financial results in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards or IFRS. As always, we'll also discuss non-gap measures, which should be viewed as supplemental. nd a contains definitions of each one used in our reporting. All of the dollar figures expressed on this call are Canadian unless otherwise noted. We're also hosting our annual general meeting this morning, so we will hope you will enjoy us live via the broadcast at 11:00 AM. I'll now turn it over to Francois to review our Q1 financials, and then George will comment on our business and market outlook. Francois. Thank you, Kevin, and good morning everyone. i'm pleased to share with you the results of our first quarter of fiscal 2022. Our revenue continues to accelerate on a constant currency basis fueled by strong bookings from prior quarters, along with continued demand for our digital services and business solutions. In addition, we delivered double digit TPS growth despite a strong Canadian dollar causing headwinds in our reporting currency. We reported revenue of 3.1 billion dollars, up 6.8% year-over-year on the constant currency basis. Strong constant currency growth was seen in the following segments: Asia Pacific up 19.5%; Western and Southern Europe, up 15.2%; US commercial and State government, up 14.5%; Central and Eastern Europe, up 11.9%; and Canada, up 8eight. 3%. Total bookings were 3.6 billion dollars, representing a book-to-bill of 116.5% for the quarter and listing our trailing 12 months book-to-bill to 115.2% compared to 103% for the prior year. I would like
