Good morning. My name is Sherine and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the GasLog Partners Fourth Quarter two thousand twenty one Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. On today's call are Paolo Enoizi, Chief Executive Officer and Achilleas Tasioulas, Chief Financial Officer. Joseph Nelson, Head of Investor re Relations, will you begin your conference? Good morning or good afternoon, and thank you for joining the GasLog Partners fourth quarter twenty twenty one earnings conference call. For your convenience, this webcast and presentation are available on the Investor Relations section of our website, www dot gas log mlp dot com, where a replay will also be available. Please now turn to Slide two of the presentation. Many of our remarks contain forward-looking statements. For factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, please refer to our fourth quarter earnings press release. In addition, some of our remarks contain non GAAP financial measures as defined by the S E C. A reconciliation of these measures is included in the Appendix to this presentation. Paolo will begin today's call with a review of the partnership's fourth quarter and full-year highlights, following which Achilleas will walk you through the Partnership's financials. Paolo will then provide an update on the L N G shipping and L N G commodity markets. We will then take questions on the pa Partnership's fourth quarter. With that, i'll now turn it over to Paolo Enoizi, C E O of GasLog Partners. Thank you Joe, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call from a very snowy Athens. Please turn to Slide four for GasLog Partners fourth quarter and full-year twenty twenty one highlights. I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong operational and financial performance for the Partnership. The fleet performed at approximately a hundred percent availability in the fourth quarter, and for all of twenty twenty one, despite the ongoing challenges created by covid nineteen. Our focus on cost control, along with a strengthening charter market last year, saw stable cash innovation and improved profitability. We repurchased another six million of our preference units in the open market, bringing the total repurchase in twenty twenty one to eighteen million. And finally, we retired another seventeen million bucks of debt during the quarter, bringing the total to a hundred and eight million for twenty twenty one. Turning to Slide five, and a summary of our financial performance in twenty twenty one. As you can see from the charts on this slide, rechartering four of our vessels on effective terms, along with our strategy of reducing our debt, and lowering
