Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by for Qudian's Third Quarter twenty twenty one Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are listen-only mode. After management's prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to our host from Qudian. Please go ahead. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Qudian's Third Quarter twenty twenty one Earnings Conference Call. The company's results were issued via Newswire Services earlier today and were posted online. You can download the earnings press release and sign up for the company's distribution list by visiting our website at ir quid i an com. Mr. Min Luo, our founder, chairman, and chief executive officer, and Ms. Sissi Zhu, our VP of investor relations will start the call with prepared remarks. And then, we'll open the call to q and a. Before we continue, please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements made under the safe harbor provisions of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of nineteen ninety five. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. As such, the company's results may be materially different from the views expressed today. Further information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties is included in the company's twenty f as filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. The company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required under applicable law. Please also note that Qudian's earnings press release and this conference call includes discussions of unaudited GAAP financial information as well as unaudited non GAAP financial measures. Qudian's press release contains a reconciliation of the unaudited non GAAP measures to the unaudited most directly comparable GAAP measures. We also posted a slide presentation on our i IR website, providing details on our results for the quarter. we'll reference those results in our prepared remarks but will not refer to specific slides during our discussion. I will now turn the call over to our C E O, Min Luo. Please go ahead. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. Amid fast-evolving market conditions in the third quarter, we continued to execute prudent operational strategy in our cash credit business, ensuring our asset quality at a, a stable level. The transactions volume for our loan book business decreased sequentially by two point one percent to three point four billion R M B in t this quarter. And our
