Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Exco Technologies Limited First Quarter Results two thousand and twenty two. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a Question-and-answer session. To ask the question during the session, you will need to press then one on your telephone. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance please press then zero. I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker for today, Darren Kirk, President and Chief Executive Officer. You may begin. Thank you, Tuanda. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Exco Technologies fiscal twenty twenty two first quarter conference call. I am Darren Kirk, C E O of Exco. I will lead off with an operations overview. Matthew Posno, our C F O, will then review the financial results before we open the call for questions. Before I begin, I would like to make some comments about forward-looking information. In yesterday's news release and on page two of the presentation that we have posted to our website, you'll find cautionary notes in that regard. While I won't repeat the contents, I want to emphasize that they apply to this discussion today. So it was a challenging quarter with several factors catching up to us. Lower vehicle production volumes due to ongoing chip shortage was the biggest contributor. However, labor disruption due to the greater spread of the Omicron variant, widespread inflationary pressures, inventory de-stocking, broader supply chain issues and logistical constraints also contributed. But I want to emphasize that while the quarter was challenging and while our results were well below our recent performance, nothing has changed fundamentally for Exco or our medium-term outlook. We expect much stronger results in the quarters ahead. In fact, with that in mind, i am very pleased to announce that yesterday our Board of Directors approved a five percent increase in our dividend to an annualized rate of forty two cents per share. This is the fourteenth time Exco has increased its dividend in the last thirteen consecutive years. I'm not sure how many other companies have done this, but I do know it's a pretty exclusive club. Despite current headwinds we remain encouraged by the underlying trends across our various businesses that will contribute to our future growth. I've mentioned several times before, the automotive industry's transformation towards electric vehicles and focu focus on reducing emissions is extremely positive for Exco tooling businesses. As OEMs make the change to greener vehicles and strive for greater manufacturing efficiency there is an increased use of light metals and the demand for our associated tooling. There is also increasing
