Good day, and ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Quhuo's third quarter twenty twenty one earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the management's prepared remarks, there will be a q and a session. Today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's conference call, Mr. Eric Yuan. Please go ahead. Okay. Thank you, Operator. Hello, everyone. Uh, welcome to Quhuo's third quarter twenty twenty one earnings conference call. The company's results were released earlier today and are available on our, our website. Uh, on the call today are Leslie Yu, Chairman and CEO; Co-Founder, Barry Ba; and, uh, C F O, Sandra Ji. Leslie will review business operations and the company highlights, followed by Sandra, who will discuss financials and guidance. they'll be available to answer your questions in the q and a session that follows. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this call may contain forward-looking statements made under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of nineteen ninety five. Such statements are, uh, based on management's current expectations and current market and operating conditions, and may relate to the events that involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the company's control, which may cause the company's actual results, performance, and achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Further information regarding these and other risks, uncertainties, and factors is included in the company's filings with the u s s e c. The company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of the new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required under law. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chairman, c e o, Mr. Leslie Yu. Please go ahead, sir. Thank you, Eric, and thank you all for joining our third quarter 2021 earnings call. we're pleased to report another strong quarter. Quhuo's total revenues grew by 44% year-over-year, reaching rmb one .1 billion, in line with our prior guidance. All of our three main business lines, on-demand delivery, mobility, and housekeeping solutions, all enjoyed continued strong demand with our top line growth, outpacing that of the industry. Now let me walk you through our key business performance in q three. First, let's look at our biggest revenue contributor, the on-demand delivery business. Its revenue reached RMB1 .05 billion, up 38% year-over-year,
