That's the disclaimer. If you could all quickly read it. Well done. Um, so I… We're gonna cover a brief introduction by me. Um, David will then take you through the financial performance. A bit like the half year, there are some complexities and comparators and so on because of the restatement. Um, and then I'll put a bit of color around our strategic priorities and strategic direction. But if I was to, if I was to summarize the six months from my perspective, um, actually it's gone largely to plan or a bit better than plan. Um, and, um, that's true across all dimensions. So the inorganic, the portfolio alignment, the organic, um, the reset of the operating model, um, and the, uh, E S G agenda. Um, on the E S G agenda, I think it's probably the most encouraging thing, uh, i… the there's lots of noise around ESG in our industry but the people who work in it are committed and our business are committed to pulling it to the center of the organization. So if I look at how we go about bids now, it's gone from being a kind of thing you check off at the end to how we c how we gonna execute the business from the beginning. Um, uh, uh, uh, if you look at the FAcT program in Canada, um, the way in which we are now embracing First Nation work is not a compliance issue. It's a genuine commitment, uh, to the strategy of the Canadian government. So, so I, I just think we're seeing across the company a complete change in mindset on E S G, on the societal, on the environmental and on the governance. I think that's great. Business development. Um, some really interesting orders in the period which we'll come to. Um, and particularly I'll put a slide later on Defense Digital where we've made significant progress. Uh, so that kind of enthusiasm could lead you to a really positive view on the outside world. Uh inaudible is a bit difficult. Um, we are still seeing, um, a lot of volatility around COVID. I would say that compared with eighteen months ago, we kind of know how to manage that. Uh, our agile working strategy helps mitigate some of it. But we are a people-based business and we employ thirty thousand people and therefore restrictions on how those people can operate and behave undoubtedly have an impact. So, uh, COVID and exactly how it plays out over the next period is uncertain. There are inflation pressures. David will touch on that a bit. Um, we do have some decent protection in some of our contracts but not a a hundred percent. And supply chain. We have strengthened our corporate supply chain capability and we are now taking a much broader view. But, uh, it is a fact that,
