Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Allied Properties REIT Fourth-Quarter twenty twenty one Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Emory, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, Mr. Emory. Thank you Jess. Uh, good morning everyone and welcome to our conference call. Tom, Cecilia and Hugh are here with me to discuss Allied's results for the fourth quarter and year end to December thirty first, twenty twenty one. We may in the course of the conference call make forward looking statements about future events or future performance. These statements by their nature are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially. Including those risks described under the heading Risks and Uncertainties in our most recently filed A I F and in our most recent quarterly report. Material assumptions that underpin any forward looking statements we make include those assumptions described under Forward Looking Disclaimer in our most recent quarterly report. By way of overview, twenty twenty one was a strong year operationally and financially for Allied. F F O per unit came in at two dollars forty five cents and a f f o per unit at two dollars and nine cents in both cases at record levels and at the high end of the range contemplated in our internal forecast. Leasing activity exceeded our expectations for the year with the result that our average in place net rent per occupied square foot rose in all four quarters, finishing at twenty four dollars and sixty four cents in the fourth quarter compared to twenty three dollars and eighty eight cents in the comparable quarter last year. Cecilia will summarize our financial results and speak about the ongoing augmentation of our financial and E S G reporting. Tom will follow with an overview of leasing and operations. Hugh will provide a development update and I'll finish with our current thinking about the future. So now, over to Cecilia. Good morning. I'll touch on our balance sheet, internal forecast and E S G. First, our balance sheet. As you know, we flexed our balance sheet over the past two years to take advantage of acquisition opportunities that would not have been available to us in a normal environment.
