Good morning everyone, I'm Santiago Donato investor of relations officer of and I welcome you to the first quarter of peace inaudible two thousand twenty two results conference call. First of all, I would like to remind you that both audio and the slideshow may be access through company's investor relations website at www dot cre sud dot com ar by clicking on the banner webcast link. The following presentation and the inaudible release, is also available for download on the company website. After management remarks, there will be a question and answer session for analyst and investors. If you want to make a question, please click the bottom label for raise hand or use the chat. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded and the information discussed today, may include forward look in the statements regarding the companies financial and operating performance. All projections are subject to risk and uncertainties and actual results may defer materially. Please refer to the little note in the companies admins release, regarding forward look in the statements. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Alejandro Elsztain c e o. Please go ahead sir. Good morning everyone. We are beginning our first quarter of first year a new campaign for Cresud. And we are planting an uh, in very good conditions in the region. Similar size of last years, and we are going to show you a little later about the four countries and the size of plantation. Uh, we, um, in this year, we are budgeting and we are seeing better prizes than last year and higher markings comparing to last year. Having some bigger input costs, in some, like, fertilizers much more bigger. Uh, but margins since comparing this year to last year are a little higher. Um, we related to the real estate business, so remember that we have three lines of businesses, one is reproduction size, and the yields on the production. The second is the real estate and the third is services in agriculture. Relating to the real estate in the first quarter, we have on news in Brazil. In this quarter we have no news in Argentina and in the rest of the countries. A lot of sales in there and a lot of liquidities in in Brazil related to the real estate business. About our segment through Ilsa, the Yurban segment, it's recovering a lot. This quarter was all open. Uh, we saw the shopping centers open, the hotels beginning to open and the inaudible receiving a lot of the local tourism. Uh, so there is a lot of recovery and we are going to see very much better numbers in the real estate uh, and their occupation suffered something, but comparing to last year numbers, they're much better. Uh, related
