Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the polis third quarter twenty twenty one financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the call over to Victor Drostdof, please go ahead. Thanks a lot. Hi everyone. Uh, welcome to our, uh, conference call for the third quarter, uh, financial results. Uh, today we have, uh, our, uh, c C F O, uh, here with us. Uh, so Mihale will, uh, provide, uh, valuable comments on, uh, uh, the financial results for the third quarter, uh, as well as will be answering your, uh, questions. Uh, with that in mind, Uh, I'll pass the floor, uh, to Mihale. Go ahead. Yes. Hello. And, uh, thank you for joining our call. So I'll take you briefly, uh, through the he for the key, uh, highlights of the quarter. So the revenue in the third quarter was one point four billion, which is a twelve percent increase on the, uh, proceeding quarter. That's a reflection of the, uh, underlying operational performance because, uh, all of the deposits and, uh, our total gold output has increased over the spear by approximately, uh, fifteen percent to seven seventy thousand ounces. Now looking at our sales in the third quarter, we sold approximately, uh, seven six zero oh oh oh ounces of refined gold, which implies a fourteen percent increase on the, uh, previous quarter. And we also sold approximately eleven thousand ounce of gold contained in inaudible concentrate during the period. Now, our quarterly EBITDA, uh, increased approximately, uh, one billion inaudible, which is up ten percent quarter and quarter. In terms of our quarterly cost performance, as expected, we saw a step up in, uh, T C C, uh, figure, as we, uh, highlighted during the, uh, previous calls. T C C, uh, rose by nine percent quarter and quarter to four twenty seven dollars pounds. In terms of key factors which I would like to underscore, that's gonna be a seasonal increase in output at the, uh, legal operations. Uh, secondly, uh, inflation, high cost consumables and, uh, uh, spare parts. Uh, th uh, next would be lower byproduct credit, which amounted to, uh, five dollars inaudible in the third quarter versus ten inaudible in the second quarter. And, uh, also finally a cessation of the regional lasting project regime at inaudible square from August, uh, twenty twenty one. And that increased applicable annuity rate from two point four percent to six percent. Now, in terms of, uh, positive developments, I would like separately highlight the remarkable cost performance at Natalka, uh, on a standalone basis. T C C
