Good day everyone and welcome to LATAM Airlines Group Earnings Release conference call. Just as a reminder this conference is being recorded. LATAM Airlines Group earnings released for the period was distributed on Tuesday, March third. If you have not receive it, you can find it in our website at www dot latam airlines group dot net in the investor relation section. At this time, I would like to point out that statements regarding the company's business outlook and anticipated financial and operating results constitute forward looking comments. This expectations are highly dependent on the economy, the airline industry, and the international markets. Therefore, they're subject to change. Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ramiro Alfonsin, Chief Financial Officer of LATAM Airlines Group. Mr. Alfonsin please begin. Thank you Carmen and good morning everyone and welcome to LATAM Airlines fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today is Mr. Roberto Alvo, Chief Commercial Officer, Mr. Jerome Cadier, c e o LATAM Airlines Brazil, and Mr. Andres De Valle, VP of Corporate Finance. Please join me on slide two where you will find the highlights for the full year two thousand nineteen. We quickly reacted to growth opportunities in the region after the cease of operations of some airlines in the region. As a consequence, we grew in inaudible case by four point one percent and during two thousand nineteen LATAM carried seventy four million passengers, the highest numbers in our history and more than five million additional passengers, half of them in Brazil, compared to two thousand eighteen. These represented more growth than any other airline in the region. In addition to growth, we continued improving two main pillars where we put the special attention, our operations and our customers. Regarding our operations, we improved the capil- capillarity of our network especially, from our hut in Santiago, Lima, and Sao Paulo. At the same time we put a special focus on the reliability of our operations. We are proud to be named the most punctual airline in the world in the mega category by o a g and by Cirium with approximately eighty six percent of our flights being on time. In two thousand nineteen, we have also been recognized as the most punctual airline in Brazil. inaudible remains stable at four point five cents despite challenges and the effects of the social unrest in the region, in particular in Chile. Growing in shorter routes
