Welcome to Investors annual accounts, twenty twenty one presentation. we are glad that you're joining us here today and you can join us, uh, over the phone or, uh, over, uh, over the web on our web, uh, site, investor ab dot com. We will soon hear our C E O, uh, Johan Forssell and C F O, uh, Helena Saxon, present the annual accounts. And after that, we will have a q and a session. Uh, and you can pose your questions then over the phone as usual, or also in the chat on the vet. Warm welcome, and by that I hand over to you, Johan. Thank you, Viveka, and, uh, welcome to this, uh, quarterly, uh, result presentation. So, if we start on the first page, uh, I think we, despite all the challenges that we had during the past year, we did in fact see, uh, gradual improvement of the global economy, uh, during the year. And of course that in combination with the low interest rate environment also supported the stock market and the strong equity market, of course benefited Investor. But even adjusting for that, I think it is fair to say that twenty twenty one was a very strong year for Investor. Uh, during the year our net asset value grew by more than forty percent and I was told to share the return was up fifty five percent. And that can be compared with the stock market in Sweden being up thirty nine percent. And if we look on the corresponding figure, uh, for the fourth quarter, our net asset value was up twelve percent, uh, and, uh, our total share return was up twenty one percent and that can be compared with the stock market being up twelve percent. Importantly, I think that all overall that our companies are, uh, delivering good operational performance. Uh, they have been able to really manage the challenges out there, not least the pandemic and the supply chain related challenges. Uh, on the listed companies a number of the companies have made important strategic, uh, uh, acquisitions and investments during the year, uh, within Patricia. A number of the companies have made sizeable add-on acquisition and I will come back to that later on. Uh, the investment in e q t developed strongly during the year and was up more than a hundred percent and the cash flow at four point eight billion was the second best in, in the history. Uh, we sharpened our climate targets and we are continuously, uh, putting higher foot in sustainability, putting in our liquidation plans, and especially of course, uh, an extra focus is on, on the, the transitions that affect the
