Good morning, and welcome to the s q m third quarter twenty twenty one earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your touch tone phone, on your touch tone phone. Again, that is star then one to ask a question. To withdraw your question, please press star, then two. Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Irina Axenova, investor relations. Please go ahead. Thank you, Grant. Good morning. Thank you for joining SQM's third quarter inaudible twenty one earnings conference call. This conference call will be recorded and is being broadcast live. Following this call, you'll be able to access the webcast at our website, www sqm dot com. Our earnings inaudible presentation inaudible have been uploaded to our website where you can also find a link to the website. Speaking on the call today will be Ricardo Ramos, chief executive officer, Geraldo Ilanes, chief financial officer, and Pablo Altimiras, inaudible vice president, lithium and iodine business. He will be, uh, available to help answer any questions following the prepared remarks. Before we begin, let me remind you that statements in this conference concerning the company's business outlook, future economic performance inaudible expenses, or other financial items, anticipated costing issues inaudible service line growth, together with other statements that are not inaudible forward looking statements inaudible is defined under federal securities law. Any forward looking statements are estimates reflecting the best judgment of SQM based on inaudible and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from inaudible stated in such statement, including our ability to successfully implement a sustainable development inaudible risks, uncertainties, and factors that could affect inaudible forward looking statements are identified in our public filings made with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and in our earnings release issued yesterday. And this forward looking statement should be considered in light of those factors. inaudible no obligation to update such statements, whether a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as required by law. I now will link with our chief executive officer, Ricardo Ramos. Thank you. Irina. And good morning and thank you for joining the call today. Our earnings during the thing quarter of two thousand twenty one were significantly higher than earning reported during the same period last year. These results were
