Good morning, and welcome to the Loma Negra third quarter twenty twenty one conference call and webcast. All participants will be in listen only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key, followed by zero. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Also, Mr. Sergio Faifman will be responding in Spanish, immediately following an English translation. To ask your question, you may press star, then one, on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star, then two. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Diego Jalon, head of IR. Please, Diego, go ahead. Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Loma Negra's third quarter earnings conference call. By now, everyone should have access to our earnings press release, and the presentation for today's call, both of which were distributed yesterday after market close. Joining me on the call this morning will be Sergio Faifman, our C E O and Vice President of the Board of Directors, and our C F O, Marcos Gradin. Both of them will be available for the q and a session. Before I turn the call over to Sergio, I would like to make the following safe harbor statements. Today's call will contain forward-looking statements, and I refer you to the forward-looking statements section of our earnings release, and recent filing with the s e c. We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements to reflect new or changed events or circumstances. This conference call will also include discussion on non GAAP financial measures. The full reconciliation to the corresponding financial measures is included in the earnings press release. Now I would like to turn the call over to Sergio. Thank you, Diego. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As usual, I am going to mention a few highlights of the third quarter, and then Marcos will lead you through our market review and financial slides. After that, I will provide some final remark, and then we will open the queue to your questions. As you could see from our release yous yesterday, we are pleased to share our third quarter results, where we observe solid demand and high historic figures as we keep our core finance margin at world-class level. inaudible the strong movement experienced in cement sales since the start of the recovery in mid twenty twenty has reached level most equivalent of the those seen in record industry years. Our high efficient production standard enabled us to delivery another robust quarter. Despite the impact of the normalization of operation and the subsequent
