Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Net1 UEPS Technologies Inc first quarter 2022 earnings call. All participants will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity a- to ask questions later during the conference. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero. Please also note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Dara Dierks. Please go ahead. Thank you, operator. Welcome to our first quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Chris Meyer, group CEO, Lincoln Mali, South Africa CEO, and Alex Smith, CFO. Our press release and supplemental inter… supplementary investor presentation are available on our Investor Relations website at ir.net1.com. As a reminder, during this call we'll be making forward looking statements and I ask you to look at the cautionary language contained in our Form 10-Q regarding the risks and uncertainties associated with forward looking statements. Also, we'll discuss our results in South African rand, which is non- GAAP. We analyze our results of operations in our press release in rand and to assist investors understanding of the underlying trends of our business. As you know the company's results can be significantly affected by the currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and South African rand. Chris will start the call today with an update on strategy, then Lincoln will provide an update on the turnaround of the South African operations. And finally, Alex will go through the results of the first quarter. Following that we'll have the Q&A session. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Chris. Thank you, Dara, and good morning, good afternoon, and thank you to all for joining us for our first quarter earnings call today. So this earnings call marks my first full quarter and in essence, I suppose my one hundred days in the role as group C E O. And I couldn't be more pleased with the progress and focused execution of the management team and all of the committed net one team members in advancing our strategic priorities. As this is my second earnings call as group C E O, I thought it would be worth repeating what I stated about the vision and mission of net one and our intense focus on repositioning the business for growth. Or vision is to build and operate the leading South African full serviced fintech platform, offering payment processing and financial services to under served merchants and consumers. In line with that vision is our core purpose to improve people's lives by bringing financial inclusion to the under served in South Africa. This is a tremendous growth opportunity in the Southern African market, which is primarily a cash based economy with approximately sixty percent of transactions still conducted in cash. We've also previously explained that our mission leads us to a total addressable
