Now it's times, there would like to starts the performance briefing session of q three of March twenty twenty two of the T D K Corperation. Today's speaker is Executive Vice President Tetsuji Yamanishi… I mean Yamanishi. Hello everyone, thank you very much. Okay! i am Yamanishi speaking, thank you very much for joining us today in your very busy schedule. Thank you. Okay then, a… I'd like to start with a performance briefing of q three FY of March twenty twenty two. I start with the key points concerning earnings. And, even under the covid nineteen pandemic, and, uh continuing from the first inaudible, and, that normalizations of the socio and economic activities is going on, and all over the world, but… And still, in… it's a… The constraints and the supply chains, and have a prolonged… prolo… prolonged… so, that's the, that was the adverser affects of the production municipal to build the smartphone. But on the other hand, now it our electronics business has been steady, so that the we could have the incomes and the… Sales in all segments, and including that's, the… impro eh… Improvement of profits under the passive components. And then also the sensor profitability have increased, and then we have a very well-balanced earnings structure. Sales have increased by twenty six point three percent during the year, and overall income have increased by thirty one point three percent in a year, and for both the q three and the first nine months of the fiscal year, have both… and rec… have recognized that it's the all-time high. In, uh, auto… automotive markets, and the… due to that, eh, the shortage of that the semiconductors for example, and in that have lowered the projections of the end of the year. But still, there's further developments of the XP, and that the further electrification have aid us, have increased in the number of components installed per vehicle, than there ever ha… and favorable for our business, so that our business is steady. And we could expand the sales of the, the passive components, as well as sensors. In ICT markets, and now, steel and some… the… the shortage of the sem… semiconductors and the push down the production of small forms. And also, made it lower than the last year. But, our own components have adapted more in the small forms, and on the top of that there is strong demand in the PC and the tablets and… a… major contribution of our steady business, and the steel that's very good investment to the data center, pushing up through those other demands. And all of these are sales on the second inaudible sensor, as well as a hundred h d d head have increased. Also, we entered the market of industrial equipments. Now… the… inaudible is very steady by the corporations, and in our sales for the semiconductors in
