Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by for R L X Technology Inc's. third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After management's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Today's conference call is being recorded and is expected to last for about 45 minutes. i'll now turn the call over to your host. Mr. Sam Tsang, Head of Investor Relations of the company. Please go ahead, Sam. Thank you very much. Hello, everyone, and welcome to R L X Technology's third quarter twenty twenty one earnings conference call. The company's financials and operational results were released through PR Newswire services earlier today and have been made available online. You can also view the earnings press release by visiting the IR section of our website at ir dot relx tech dot com. Participants on today's call will include our Co-Founder, Chairperson of the Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Kate Wang; Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Chao Lu; and myself, Sam Tsang, Head of Investor Relations. Before we continue, please note that today's discussions will contain forward-looking statements made under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the u s Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of nineteen ninety five. These statements typically contain words such as may, will, expect, target, estimate, intend, belief, potential, continue, or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. The accuracy of these statements may be impacted by a number of business risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, many of which factors are beyond our control. The company, its affiliates, advisors, representatives, and underwriters do not undertake any obligations to update this forward-looking information, except as required under the applicable law. Please note that R L X Technology's earnings press release and this conference call include discussions of unaudited GAAP financial measures, as well as unaudited non GAAP financial measures.
