Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Evolution Mining December, twenty twenty one quarter results call. All participants are in a listen only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question, you will need to press the star key followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Martin Cummings, general manager of investor relations. Please go ahead. Thank you Darcy. Good morning. And welcome to the Evolution Mining December, 2021 quarterly conference call. As Darcy mentioned, my name's Martin Cummings and I'm the general manager investor relations. This morning on the call we have Jake Klein, our executive chairman, Lawrie Conway, our CFO and finance director, and myself in our group office in Sydney. Bob Fulker, our chief op- chief operating officer and Glen Masterman, our VP discovery and business development are dialing in. It has been in a tumultuous couple of years and as expected, gold's role as a safe haven during those times has been demonstrated. As the pandemic was breaking in early 2020, we saw gold rise from the low of 1500s per ounce to an all time high around 2070 in August that year. We started 2021 with the gold price down from its peak at just under US 1900 per ounce. Economies were surging as they emerged from COVID lockdowns and equity markets were printing new highs. Bitcoin was continuing to generate a lot of interest with some touting it as a new digital gold. An exposure to any metal that ended up in a Tesla was highly sought after. Gold couldn't catch a bid in early twenty twenty one and the sell off was brisk down to 1680 by March. Gold equities would follow, and by the end of September, the GDX index of senior gold companies had fallen about 20% year to date, with the GDXJ junior index even lower, down around 30%. But in the last three months, things have turned. Developing economies are now dealing with soaring inflation with the Federal Reserve now indicating it'll need to respond with rate increases soon. The Omicron COVID variance spread quickly, leading some countries to reintroduce or extend lockdowns and restrictions. And recently Russia and Ukraine intention has Europe on high alert. Bitcoin had an incredible journey in 2021, but has now given back most of those gains. Gold's role as a safe haven is returning and we now trade back up around US 1820 per ounce. For Australian gold miners, the Australian gold dollar gold price also went on a wild ride, but we currently sit within 10 to 15% of its all time high. These really are great prices to be selling our product at. And of course, copper had a standout year too rising around 25%. Evolution is well placed to
