Hello. Thank you for standing by and welcome to Imperial Fourth Quarter two thousand twenty one Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. To ask a question during the session, you'll need to press star one on your telephone. Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded. If you require any further assistance, please press star zero. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dave Hughes, Vice-President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. Thank you very much. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. I'll start by introducing, uh, you to the management team we have in attendance. Uh, Brad Corson, Chairman, President and CEO; Dan Lyons, Senior Vice-President of Finance and Administration; Simon Younger, Senior Vice-President of the Upstream; Sherri Evers, Vice-President of Commercial and Corporate Development; and Jon Wetmore, Vice-President of the Downstream. So I'll just quickly go over the cautionary statement. Today's comments include reference to non GAAP financial measures. The definitions and reconciliations of these measures can be found in Attachment six of our most recent press release and are available on our website with the link to this conference call. Today's comments may also contain forward-looking information and any forward-looking information is not a guarantee of future performance and actual future financial performance and operating results can differ materially depending on a number of factors and assumptions. Forward-looking information of the risk factors and assumptions are described in further detail on our fourth quarter earnings press release that we issued this morning, as well as our most recent Form ten k, and all of these documents are available on SEDAR, EDGAR and on our website, so I'd ask you to please refer to those. So just before I turn it over to Brad for his opening remarks, once he's done and and he and Dan go over our financial and operating performance for the quarter, we will be moving to the q and a session, as usual. So with that, I'll turn it over to Brad. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. I hope each of you are doing well and are of good health to start the new year. As we bring twenty twenty one to a close, well, at least from a reporting point of view, I would like to repeat something I said on the third quarter call. Wow, what a difference a year makes. I'm very pleased to report that we finished the year strong, with another quarter of solid operating performance and strong financial results. In twenty twenty, we focused heavily on ensuring Imperial was well-positioned to take advantage of the market recovery through ongoing focus on reducing our cost structure, improving our reliability and progressing high return brownfield projects. And you can now see the benefits of those efforts in our twenty twenty one results as we continued to make the most of the improving and attractive business environment. This performance was reflected in all business
